From Hanselman is.com. It's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
70 recorded Saturday, June 23rd, 2007. Support
for Hansel minutes is provided
by Tellerik rad controls, the
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forms and asp.net
web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. Support is
also provided by slash end
software red carpet subscription. The
most comprehensive solution for adding
connectivity to your.net asp.net applications
with components for every major
internet protocol online@wwwdotnsoftwaredotcomandby.net developers journal
the world's leading.net developer magazine
online at www dot
dot com. In this episode,
Scott talks with Tim Ferris
bestselling author of the four
hour work week Scott Hanselman.
And this is another episode
of Hansel minutes, and I'm
down here in Sebastopol, California
at foo camp. And I've
been lucky enough to sit
down with Tim Ferris, the
New York bestselling author of the
four hour workweek. That is
for the number four, not
40, not 14, four hour
workweek. How's it going, Tim?
I was going right. I
want to understand how you're
able to synthesize what is
a 40 or 60 or
80 hour workweek to those
four or few hours that
really are the most value
added. I mean, are you
just outsourcing everything that's tedious?
No, I think that that's
the most popular The topic
to discuss because it gets
people Well hot and heavy
and it's political and emotional,
but at the core, the
most important concept is that
of reductionism. And what I
mean by that is it's
very easy to make the
simple complex, but it's, it's
quite challenging to make the
complex simple. Once you identify
the fewest moving parts, what
you might call primitives in
language learning, for example, that
comprise the entire language or
the entire objective. So in
the case of work, if
you do an 80 20
analysis of your inputs, you
find that you'll find a
very disproportionate ratio of input
to output. So 20% of
the activities that you're engaged
in are generally correlated to
80% of the desired outcomes,
but it's usually skewed even
more than that. So what
you find that you find
that this type of analysis
ports very easily to almost
any activity. So in the
case of tango, for example,
did my first tango class
and in Argentina, and then
five months later competed in
the world championships and made
it to the semifinals representing
sinusitis as an American, which
has never been done and
then set a world record.
And the reason I was
able to do that is
not because I mastered tango
in some amorphous all encompassing
way. It's because I was
able to identify that there
were two components that, that
really determined everything else, footwork
and lead. And if I
was able to learn those
two things and really focus
on refining those two things
that had my desired outcome.
And so it's really looking
at at problems and realizing
that the simplest solution is
usually the best all outcomes
raiser, and really just trying
to reduce it to these,
these primitive elements. And does
that work in most everything?
I mean, some people want
to say that the 80
20 rule basically makes you
a, a person that's getting
a, basically a B average.
I mean, you can, if
you you're doing, you're not
truly excelling, but you're being,
you're very competent. Can you
take it to that next
level of people? I don't
think that's true. I think
it depends on how you
measure competency, which is a
separate discussion all in itself.
But I think it's possible
to be extremely world-class in
many, many things, if you
focus on what's important and
I believe that that can
be taught as well. So
I think that the 80
20, the term 80 20
is misleading because it can
be 99 one, it can
be 99 20. So what
I mean by that is
it doesn't need to add
up to a hundred either.
So when people say, Oh,
80%, well then they think
in terms of grade point
average, but there's, there's a
point of diminishing returns with
any activity. So for example,
in learning languages, and I've,
that's one of my various
geek out of sessions, you
find that to be 95%
accurate in a given language
conversationally can be accomplished very
quickly in about six months,
three to six months, even
though something like Mandarin Chinese
or Japanese, but to get
to, let's say the 97%
accuracy range could take 20,
25 years. And you find
there's that same radical point
of diminishing returns with almost
anything, whether it's sports or
business. So, you know, putting
in the first two hours
of email may accomplish 99%
of what you want versus
putting in 20 hours of
email. For example, That's really
that that just clicked for
me. Now, help me, this
may be a silly tangent,
but help me understand how
that explains, why those first
two, three hours on any
plane flight. I get more
email done than at any
session where I sit down
consciously in my office and
try to do my email.
I think one of the
reasons is, and this, this
may be more of a
technical level, but Scoble said
the same thing to me,
coincidentally. And the reason is
that you're focusing on output
and exclusively output. So most
people try to do both
at the same time. So
what happens? You have 50
email, you answer the first
five and then ping, ping,
you start getting replies. And
that interrupts the function that
you're trying to batch, which
is that output. And then
of course the other option,
or the other explanation is
that if you're in a
sitting in a fuselage hurdling
through space in the window
seat and you can't move,
you don't have any crutch
activities immediately within reach. So
you can't go to the
bathroom, you can't reorganize your
file folders. You can't grab
a cup of coffee and
go talk to your colleague
about something that's unimportant. You,
you really have no crutch
activity to resort to. So
I think those two certainly
contributes. So then if I
apply the analysis that we're
talking about to trying to
make that possible in my
regular life, when I'm not
an airplane, I unplug the,
unplug the network cable and
sit in a, in a
stimulated tube in my office
and try to get that
stuff handled. Sure. Yeah. I
mean, you can simulate it
the way that I look
at developing any skill set
is you have sort of
three layers of importance and
that determine your results. The
first is environment. So environment
is, is the number one
variable that you need to
optimize. Secondly, you have the
material. So the what, the,
what of what you do.
And then last you have
the method, all right. The
how, and most people approach
it in exactly the opposite
order. So they focus on
how to be very good
at something before they determine
whether it's important or not.
Then they focus on doing
that thing. And then they
look at environment as an
afterthought and I approach it
top down the other direction.
So for example, when I
go to, if I go
to Berlin to learn German
like I did, or if
I go to Dubai to
learn Arabic, which I'm going
to do in two months
or so, once my learning
curve flattens out with this
book, I'm going to disappear
for awhile. I will probably
in Dubai, for example, get,
get an apartment that is
fairly far outside the city.
So what does that do?
It immediately builds in probably
two hour commute time. And
I will, I will learn
Arabic in that commute time
because I'm creating that fuselage
type isolation, but that's the
way I learned Japanese way.
I learned Mandarin almost all
the languages that I've learned,
Setting yourself up for success,
Right? Because humans have very
poor impulse control and they
have very bored distraction filtering.
So it's, it's far more
effective to create the proper
environment that doesn't allow you
to misbehave than to depend
on making decisions about discipline.
At every point through the
process, Is this really effective
single tasking? I mean, I'm
hearing that there's a very
conscious decision that this single
task that I invoking on
focusing on is the right
thing. I noticed that we
were going to talk earlier
day, you were doing a
hurdler stretch while you were
listening to. And I said,
well, maybe his is that
he's multitask. No, no I
single task. So the, the
hurdler stretch doesn't require any
mental Ram. So I'm able
to do that. It's, it's
not a, it's a passive
activity, not an active activity.
So you have different mental
faculties that are consumed by
different things. And you don't
want to have specific mental
applications. If I can really
push the analogy that are
drawing on that same, that
same faculty. So you find
when, when people try to
answer email, I am and
do God knows what at
the same time, while eating
a sandwich, it just doesn't
work. It's calling on some
of the same mental faculties
and you outstrip Ram quite
quickly. And even if you
have, so for example, we
were talking about GTD or
before the interview and what
David Allen refers to as open
loops. They also sit in
the background like, like an
application that just consumes Ram
the entire time. So it
is important to close those
out as well. Yeah. On
previous podcasts, I've called that
the psychic weight. Like I
have a great deal of
psychic weight, just pulling me
down. Cause I know that
when I get back to
the hotel, I've got this
crushing amount of email that
needs to be caught up
on. And it's all just
every, every line item and
outlook is equally important just
by virtue of the way
it appears in outlook. Right.
I noticed when I emailed
you to try to set
up this interview, I got
two things from you in
the email immediately. I got
an out of office reply,
but not typical when it
said I checked my email
every two to four days,
cause I'm trying to get
work done. So bear with
me. And then a few
hours later, I got a
very kind email from a
woman named Amy who lives.
God knows where I don't
know Vancouver, Vancouver, Canada. Yeah.
You're outsourced to Vancouver, Canada.
And she said, you know,
this sounds like a very
exciting thing. She CC'd your
editor. Let's see if we
can get on his schedule.
She explained the situation. And
while I initially thought, cause
I'd heard that you'd done
this kind of outsourcing and
I don't mean to use
the word outsourcing and maybe
there's a better word. It's
funny when I heard this,
I said, well, gosh, am
I, am I that important
to, you know, and I
had a little kind of
talk with myself, should I,
should I do this? Is
this valuable? Would people be
insulted if I didn't answer
their emails personally, but then
at the same time it
did let me understand that.
Well, you know, Tim's got
stuff to do. I better
make my communications with this
individual. So Amy, a value
added. So I ended up
writing her an email that
was more detailed and more
specific in the amount of
time it would save you.
And it eventually got down
to Well, that's why I
recognized your name when you
came up to me today
and I wouldn't recognize the
names of the other 150
or a thousand people that
email me each day. I've
never seen an assistant email
like that. And it may,
and she also included at
the bottom. She said, you
know, Amy executive system, this
email is, she had checkboxes
bloggable please ask private. She
checked please. And I thought
that was fantastic. Cause I
never know what I, when
I email someone, if it's
going to show up, copy
pasted, flat out on their
blog. I really thought that
was impressive. I have to
give credit to Tom
of Silicon Valley, Silicon Valley
watcher. I borrowed that from
him. And then Amy liked
it so much. I said,
Hey, you should use it
too. I think it's a
good idea considering how much
email be coming in. So
do you end up, does
she, I assume she has
access to your email. So
then when you get to
your box, it's there are
specific actions for you to
take. I have multiple email
accounts depending on their function.
So I have a semi-public
email account that goes to
Amy. I have other business
accounts for my separate businesses,
which are primarily handled or
at least filtered by other
systems. And then I have
my sort of personal email
that I use for immediate
action items that only I
can attend to. And it's,
it's very clear what I
have to do with them.
And I've actually streamlined that
further to the point where
she no longer forwards email
to me at all, which
is very common. That is
not common. What's what's most
common is what I did
initially with Amy who manages
other virtual assistants as well
with act on my behalf.
So she's more of an
operations manager, which, which was,
she would send the emails
to me that she felt
required my attention. And what
I found was much more
effective was simply getting on
the phone with her once
a day. And she would
have, I laid out a
set of rules essentially for
preparing for the call and
it's bang, bang, bang. I
jumped on the phone with
her today at four o'clock
on the right up here
and handled all the email
that I needed to handle.
Meaning I told her what
she needed to do in
about four minutes. And I
get more than a thousand
emails a day. Sounds like
what we would in the
project management. One of the
agile, where we call this
a scrum, it's like a
rugby scrum. Every day we
have a meeting, it's a
standup meeting. We get together
and we say, what are
you working on? What did
you do yesterday? What are
you doing today? And what
do I need to do
to get that problem whenever
you facing out of the
way? Yep. Anything else is
peripheral? And they last more
than 15 minutes, you're doing
it wrong. Sure. It sounds
like you're having a daily
scrum with your operations team
to find out what do
I need to do and
how can I empower you
to do something on my
Yeah, sure. And, and the
other thing that I do,
and I talk about this
in the four hour workweek,
but is I, I set
certain guidelines and I expect
that I will have small
problems I need to fix.
I don't try to prevent
every problem because if you
focus on trying to prevent
every problem, you really can't
take the proactive steps on
mission, critical tasks that you
should be focusing your resources
on. So for example, I'm
giving Amy increasing levels of
decision, making ability with emails
as she becomes familiar with
my preferences. And I'm sure
every once in a while,
something will slip through, but
the alternative is handholding and
checking every email that she
reads, which, which would not
only not save me time,
but it would consume her
time and consume my, my
income. You're actively not to
be a micromanager. If you
don't empower your subordinate right.
Then why do you have
a sport in general? Right?
And the way you empower
them though, is by providing
extremely detailed explicit rules. And
it's not about saying you
seem smart, make the right
decision. There's a certain component
of that, but it's very
minimal and it's, it's supplemental
to having extremely well-defined rules.
So she has a file
that is Tim Ferriss rules.
And every time I sent
her an email, let's say
she sends me an email
and she asks, how should
I respond to this? And
I'll respond and I'll say
new rule. And then I'll
define exactly the principle that
she can use to respond
to these types of emails
in the future. And she'll
cut and paste that into
the running document that she
uses. And she also shares
with her some more subordinate
VA's whom she manages. So
it's, it's, it's very effective.
Is it, is this a,
Is she your full time
virtual assistant? Does she have
other people that she works
for? Oh, she works for
other people. Although I think
she's probably working close to
full time with me at
the moment, but I'm actively
taking steps to, to cut
down on the number of
for hours. She's perfectly happy
to work full time because
I'm paying her for that
time. But it's, I'm actively
trying to and recruiting her
help to cut down on
the number of hours because
it forces us to refine
the rules. And ultimately, because
right now she's, she said,
you know, I'm happy to
put in X number of
hours, which is a lot
of hours, but I said,
you know what? This is
just the beginning. And from
the outset you have to
ask yourself, you know, can
this system scale? So Amy
is doing a great job
right now. Fantastic. She's putting
in 40 hours a week,
but I'm getting a thousand
emails a day. What happens
when I'm getting 10,000 emails
a day? Okay. And then
there are a lot of
ways to solve that. I
could simply take down all
my email addresses, which I
may do at one point
simple fix done over five
minutes, but I'm at a
point where I'm still gathering
information from my readers so
I can make improvements. And
there'll be a point of
diminishing returns with that. And
when I hit that point,
I'll remove my email. Now
You're paying an employee 40
hours a week. And that
for some of my listeners
may be a little overwhelming
while he's paying someone. But
you're deriving value for more
from her from more than
you're paying her. I'll put
it this way. If, if
people need to become very
astute at calculating the value
of their time and you
calculate the value of your
time, not only by your
current income, but by what
you could accomplish, if you
were able to create more
time to focus on mission
critical tasks. So if, if
I don't look at it
as let's just say, hypothetically,
I make a hundred thousand
dollars a year. That means
I make $50 an hour.
So if I pay her
$25 an hour, that means
I'm making $25 an hour.
No, that's the starting point.
But for example, if I
spend all my time doing
email, I can't do anything
else and I'm miserable. So
we, we didn't even get
into that facet of the
equation, but let's say instead,
I can spend two days
focusing on an online educational
module that then $99 per
person. And I have a
5% conversion rate from every
visitor to the site and
I get on national TV
and I drive that to
X, Y, and Z. And
then I'm making $150,000 a
month that pays for Amy
right easily. This is the
thing I discovered a few
years ago, which is that
electrons are cheaper to sell
than molecules. Yes, several electrons
all day long, The cheaper
to ship as well. Now
you have some interesting ideas
around cash cash specifically. I
understand that you have a
passion for certain kinds of
cars and things that someone
might think are out of
one's reach. When you look
at it rather than holistically
over a 10 year 20
or 30 year period and
a month to month ins
and outs can become attainable.
Sure, absolutely. I mean, I,
you can get announced. I
saw an Aston Martin DB
nine, which is a fantastic
car with 1500 miles on
eBay, which could be financed
for, for less than I'd
say it was between 1200
and $1,400 a month. And,
but I'll point this out.
I don't have a DB
nine. I don't have a
fast car. I drive a
Volkswagen golf because I'll tell
you what's more important to
me than, than owning a
nice car is being able
to park not being able
to park. I live near
San Francisco infuriates me. So
when I can't take the
train, I want a small
car. And secondly, I take
it a step further. So
ownership is, is a very
little interest to me generally.
And so like, like Tyler
Durden said and fight club,
you know what we own
ends up owning us. And
I believe that's true. I,
I low maintenance of most
things that consume energy and
attention and don't provide more
value than they consume. So
what does that mean? That
means that when, when we
look to buy, because that's
the usual route, a nice
car Lamborghini, Ferrari, what we
want is a certain experience
and we need to define
that experience. And then once
we've defined that experience, there
are much better ways of
achieving it. So when I
go to Dubai, I'm going
to spend a day at
a racetrack and let's just
say that I could afford
to buy an Aston Martin
vanquish. Fantastic. Great. But when
I go to Dubai and
I've, I'm probably in the
process of arranging this, you
know, for less than a
thousand dollars by using other
currencies that I have like
credibility and association, vis-a-vis the
book, this is all I've
planned. All of this out.
I will be able to
race an Enzo Ferrari and
F1 McLaren. Okay. At one
point $2 million car, one of
Larry Ellison's toys, Lamborghini, mercy
logo, and a laundry list
of other cars for an
entire day, for less than
$500, including gasoline. So because
of the realization that it's,
in fact, the experience at
one w one wants more
than it is the actual
physical thing. Absolutely. It's, it's,
it's learning to value and
define, and then value intangibles
because ultimately I think that
most things that we pursue
are intangible. Yeah. I, I
I've traveled a lot as
well. And I think I
can tell you, obviously, from
the languages, from the U
U value, filling your, your
life with experience, with travel,
with, with language, with interactions,
with other people, you're probably
a backpack traveler. You probably
don't check a lot of
bags. Yes, no, actually I'm
going to be writing a
blog post soon called how
to, how to, how to
travel the world and contain
your life in 10 pounds.
So that's Awesome. You know,
there's, there's a lot of
the super light hikers are
always trying to squeeze a
few ounces out of stuff.
Whether it's be a water
purifier that they can get
in three ounces, as opposed
to six ounces, it's a
big, big group of people
on the internet that does
it kind of stuff. I
did Malaysia without checking a
bag for two weeks. And
I thought that was an
achievement, but there's other guys
that are pulling that kind
of stuff off in a
backpack. Yeah. There's some, there,
there's some very interesting approaches
and tools out there as
well. I'll certainly be talking
more about those on my
blog in the upcoming, upcoming
weeks and months, especially once
I start leaving myself, I'll
need to every once in
a while throw up the
post and they'll probably be
travel-related. So my brain is
going a thousand miles an
hour. The only thing that
I've successfully outsourced at this
point is the mowing of
my lawn. That was really
easy. Pay him 20 bucks
an hour. I make more
than that. It seemed like
an obvious thing to do,
but I'm realizing that I'm
spending a lot of time
answering email and spending a
lot of time, not providing
substantive value because I think
I'm addicted to urgency, the
classic kind of Covey urgency,
addiction, urgency versus importance. But,
and I'm hearing, I'm kind
of getting some inspiration here,
but I'm wondering is this
just simply that you are
an incredibly willful individual and
that you make the decision
to do this and you
make it, so is this
a series of techniques or
is it a combination? It's
a series of conditioning, actually
more than techniques so I
can prescribe the medicine, but
I can't force people to
take it. And so you
have skillset and then you
have behavior that allows someone
to use that skill set
and behavior is usually limited
by a comfort with discomfort.
So what does that mean?
That means that each person
has a comfortable sphere of
action. And there are a
certain number of options that
they have given their sphere
of comfort. And if you
take small steps to increase
that sphere of comfort, you
increase the number of options
you have. That's a very
convoluted way of saying that
you need to condition yourself
to making increasingly uncomfortable decisions
and redefine risk. So when
people talk about risk, I
think they're actually talking about
discomfort most of the time
when they say a risk
of discomfort. So they say,
Oh, that's really risky. No,
it's uncertain. Therefore it's uncomfortable
for you. And I define
risk in the four hour
workweek as the potential for
an irreversible negative outcome. Okay.
And when you look at
risk, that way you find
that very few things contain
any risk, whether it's negotiating
with a boss or implementing
an autoresponder or outsourcing your
email, you outsource your email,
you try for a day,
it doesn't work. You cancel
you're back to where you
were, right? So there's a
potential, let's say negative outcome,
temporary negative outcome on a
scale of one to 10
of a three or four,
perhaps it doubles your workload
for one day. Whereas the
potential positive outcome that is
semi-permanent could be a nine
or a 10. And once
you start looking at decisions
in those terms and you
take, you make these small
steps and take experiments, and
I use the word experiment
a lot, because the only
reason that I've been able
to do some of the
things that I've done, which
appear outrageous is that I've
built up to them over
time by making S by
conducting small experiments. Hence the
name of the blog is
experiments in lifestyle design, because
almost all of these things
are reversible. Yeah. I liked
the experiments in lifestyle design.
One of the things that
struck me about the blog
when I was poking around,
I didn't expect to find
pictures of before and after
pictures of you working out,
I'm a, I'm a type
one diabetic on an insulin
pump. I'm always trying to
Vista. It sounds silly, but
I'm always trying to gain
weight. Cause as a type
one diabetic, we tend to
just kind of drip weight
off of us. And the
way that you approach this,
this pretty dramatic weight gain
over a pretty short period
of time was very, it
felt very experimental. It felt
like very scientific. It wasn't
necessarily that you knew you
were going to succeed, but
you knew something was going
to happen. You, you shook
things up, you kept track
of it at every point
and made small adjustments as
you went along. Yeah, no,
that's exactly right. And I
ended up gaining 34 pounds
of muscle in four weeks,
but what's, what's more noteworthy
than that is that I
spent two, I had two
workouts per week, each of
30 minutes or less. So
what that means is I
gained 34 pounds of muscle
and lost three pounds of
fat. So I recomposed my
body entirely with four total
hours of workout time in
one month. And part of
the reason I was able
to do that is I
harvest data compulsively. So every
workout I've done for the
last six years, I have
recorded in detail. And so
I can look for example,
at a photo of myself
from three years ago and
I can see the exact
date and say, I want
to look exactly like I
looked, then I can go
back in my workout journal,
repeat four weeks prior to
that photo and look exactly
the same. And it's about,
it's about the intelligent use
of data. That's all it
is. And I think that's
something that, that anyone can
duplicate and you, you don't
have to necessarily create that
data yourself. You can borrow
from other People. See it
now that's huge. Now at
this point, some of my
listeners may have said, well,
what is this? This is
not the typical Scott Hanselman
podcast. It's usually about programming
and development and stuff like
this. But the idea that
there is data out there,
whether it be clickstream data,
how people are moving around
the web, that kind of
stuff that my listeners do
in their everyday job, whether
it's blood sugar information that
I'm storing. Cause I've got
all my blood sugar going
back 12 years, I have
a diet. I've got, you
know, recipes. I, the same
experience. I have blood tests
going back six years and
I can look at diet
and I can say, this
is why my blood sugar
was great for this one
month period, or this is
why it wasn't. And I
can repeat those things. When
recently had a I'm open,
I've been a type one
diabetic for 12 years. I
recently had my very first
non-diabetic blood test where you
could not tell if I
was a type one diabetic
now, to be clear, I'm
on an insulin pump and
it continues. And I checked
my blood sugar 20 times
a day and dah, dah,
dah, dah, dah, dah, but
on paper on this one
blood test, which is now
up on my refrigerator with
the number circled, I'm not
a diabetic. So now I've
got my success, my success,
a point now I just
need to repeat that every
month of my life until
I'm dead. Right? And I
think that one important point
to mention is that people
who are very analytical and
logical in one area of
their lives, like programming are
very often completely neglectful of
data and other areas. So
you'll have someone who will
sit down and clean up
spaghetti code for 20 hours
as just a logical machine,
streamlining it. And then, and
then they'll go into the
gym and they'll pick up
the latest issue of muscle
and fitness was, which says,
you know how to turn
your calves into cows on
the cover. And they'll do
three sets of 15 because
the big guy taking steroids
says do three sets of
15, but they never stop
to ask themselves why three
sets in, why 15? Why
not? Four sets of 12?
Why not? 20 sets of
two and the same logical
mech, the same logical tools,
the critical thinking and lateral
thinking tools that they apply
in one area should be
in, can be applied in
all of those areas. This
is very interesting. A lot
of the programmers, I know,
spend a lot of their
analytical power analyzing two things,
their financial life and their
programming life. But very often
they spend a little time
on things like diet, personal
happiness, free time, you know,
allocation of free time, what
they ultimately want to do
with their life, how they
want to spend their time.
You are working fewer hours
a week. I assume you're
filling the rest of your
time with things that you
enjoy. Yeah, absolutely. And the
challenge is taking something that's
not obviously a binary or
a numerical like finance or
programming and converting it into
numbers. That's all you have
to do. That's the most
time consuming step once you
do that, it's easy. And
I do spend my time
doing things that either, either
that I enjoy or that
I derive benefit or fulfillment
from. So I don't necessarily
enjoy going to the kickboxing
gym and getting punched in
the head. But I find
that the, the, the exercise,
so to speak the conditioning
effect of that has a
positive carry over to other
areas. So I find it
redeeming. I find it valuable.
It may not be enjoyable
in the laying on your
stomach, on a beach, getting
a massage sense of the
word, but on level it's,
it's, it's valuable. And I
think that if, once you
take these, these very fuzzy
qualitative terms, that people don't
stop to define like success,
happiness. And if you can't
define them, you scrap them.
It's a very simple solution.
And I want it to
be a penciler and a
comic book penciler for about
10 years and actually was
an illustrator for a period
of time and had the
same graphic editor position as
Jim Lee did, Jim Lee
used to be a very
famous penciler and one of
the, the mandates or, or
principles that a lot of
pencils use and anchors and
comic books is when in
doubt black it out. And
I think that if you
apply that to most of
your life, as opposed to
trying to simply reorganize everything,
you can get very, very
far, very, very fast. I
really appreciate you taking the
time to sit down with
me. The book is the
four hour workweek and the
blog is also the four
hour workweek.com. It's just a,
Either four hour workweek.com or
the four hour workweek.com. And
then I'll look straight to
your blog there. Cool. Thanks
a lot. And this has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes. We'll see you again
next week. .